- [ ] 2.1.5 Section Review, Questions 1,2,3,4 and 5
1. The central processor unit (CPU) contains registers and what other basic elements?
  Control Unit, Arithmetic Logic Unit, and the clock.

2. The central processor unit is connected to the rest of the computer system using what three
buses?
  Data, Address, Control buses.

3. Why does memory access take more machine cycles than register access?
  Conventional memory is outside the CPU and it responds more slowly to access requests. Registers are hard-wired inside the CPU.

4. What are the three basic steps in the instruction execution cycle?
  Fetch, decode, and execute.

5. Which two additional steps are required in the instruction execution cycle when a memory
operand is used?
  Fetch memory operands, store memory operands.

- [ ] 2.4.3 Section Review, Question 5
5. What is the purpose of the 8259A PIC controller?
  The 8259A PIC controller handles external interrupts from hardware devices such as the
  keyboard, system clock, and disk drives. 

- [ ] 2.5.2 Section Review, Questions 1, 3, 4, and 5
1. Of the four levels of input/output in a computer system, which is the most universal and
portable?
  The application program level.

3. Why are device drivers necessary, given that the BIOS already has code that communicates
with the computer’s hardware? 
  New devices are invented all the time with capabilities that were often not anticipated
  when the BIOS was written. 

4. In the example regarding displaying a string of characters, which level exists between the
operating system and the video controller card?
  The BIOS level.

5. Is it likely that the BIOS for a computer running MS-Windows would be different from that
used by a computer running Linux? 
  No. The same BIOS would work for both operating systems.

- [ ] 2.8 Review Question 7, 8, 9, 10, 12, 19, 20, 25, and 26
7. Which part of the CPU performs floating-point arithmetic?
  Floating-Point Unit.

8. On a 32-bit processor, how many bits are contained in each floating-point data register?
  80

9. (True/False): The x86-64 instruction set is backward-compatible with the x86 instruction set.
  True

10. (True/False): In current 64-bit chip implementations, all 64 bits are used for addressing.
  False

12. (True/False): Static RAM is usually less expensive than dynamic RAM.
  False

19. (True/False): A bus is a plastic cable that is attached to the motherboard at both ends, but
does not sit directly on the motherboard.
  False

20. (True/False): CMOS RAM is the same as static RAM, meaning that it holds its value without
any extra power or refresh cycles.
  False

25. At which level(s) can an assembly language program manipulate input/output?
  Application Program, OS, BIOS, and Hardware.

26. Why do game programs often send their sound output directly to the sound card’s hardware
ports?
  The sound card is an integrated circuit that allows the computer to convert the digital data to be 
  converted into the sound.


- [ ] Upload your assignment to GitHub
- [ ] Email james.wilson@rccd.edu with the url to the source code on GitHub	

** 19 Possible Points (1 for each question) ***
